Contents lists available at ScienceDirect
Energy Policy
journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/enpol
“I can live with nuclear energy if…”: Exploring public perceptions of nuclear
energy in Singapore
Shirley S. Hoa,⁎, Jiemin Looia, Agnes S.F. Chuaha, Alisius D. Leonga, Natalie Pangb
a Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information, Nanyang Technological University, 31 Nanyang Link, Singapore 637718, Singapore
b IPS Social Lab, Institute of Policy Studies, Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy, National University of Singapore, 20 Evans Road, Singapore 259365, Singapore
A R T I C L E I N F O
Keywords:
Nuclear energy
Southeast Asia
Singapore
Psychometric paradigm
Source credibility theory
A B S T R A C T
Considering the growing salience of nuclear energy in Southeast Asia, this study examines public perceptions of
nuclear energy in Singapore, a technologically-advanced and aﬄuent nation well-equipped to develop nuclear
energy capabilities. Drawing from the source credibility theory, this study examines the public's credibility
perceptions of nuclear-related information sources, and their trust in potential stakeholders. Guided by the
psychometric paradigm, this study also explores public perceptions of risks, beneﬁts, and support. Four focus
group discussions were conducted with Singaporeans aged 18–69. Participants across diﬀerent age groups (e.g.,
Millennials, Generation X, Baby Boomers) concurred in their trust of potential stakeholders, risk perception, cost
perception, and support. Intergenerational diﬀerences were observed for participants’ media use, credibility
perceptions of nuclear-related information sources, and beneﬁt perception. This study contributed theoretically
by applying the source credibility theory and psychometric paradigm in an under-studied context. Practical
implications were provided for policymakers and communication practitioners to eﬀectively evaluate public
awareness and acceptance for nuclear energy. Directions for future research were discussed. In conclusion,
intergenerational similarities were observed for Singaporeans’ perceptions of risks, costs, and support.
Meanwhile intergenerational diﬀerences were noted for their credibility perceptions of nuclear-related in-
formation sources, trust in potential stakeholders, and beneﬁt perception.
1. Introduction
Since its inception, nuclear energy development is an issue that has
divided public perceptions (Ho, 2016). Supporters have advocated
nuclear energy as a solution to several environmental issues due to its
low carbon emissions (International Atomic Energy Agency, 2014).
Additionally, it can address global rising energy demands and provide
energy security by generating a reliable and high output of electricity
(Ertör-Akyazı et al., 2012; IAEA, 2014). However, critics have opposed
it due to the risks of nuclear accidents, improper radioactive waste
management, weaponization of nuclear energy, and the substantial
operating costs of nuclear power plants (IAEA, 2014). Such polarized
attitudes toward nuclear energy are also reﬂected in national energy
policies globally (Ho, 2016). For instance, Belgium, France, Germany,
and Switzerland have decided to gradually discontinue their use of
nuclear energy (Reuters, 2017, 2018; World Nuclear Association,
2016). Conversely, the United States and the United Kingdom plan to
construct new nuclear power plants (CNN, 2017). These divided atti-
tudes toward nuclear energy are similarly observed in Asia. While
Indonesia and Thailand have plans to adopt nuclear energy (WNA,
2016), Vietnam recently abandoned its nuclear energy adoption plans,
citing safety concerns and high costs as a deterrent (Nguyen and Ho,
2016).
Most public opinion research on nuclear energy are premised in
countries that currently possess industry-scale nuclear facilities (Besley
and McComas, 2015; Ho et al., 2018; Keller et al., 2012; Mah et al.,
2014; Park and Ohm, 2014; Stoutenborough et al., 2013; Venables
et al., 2012). However, few studies are conducted in countries which
are in the preliminary phases of nuclear energy development (Ho et al.,
2018). A recent meta-analysis on public perceptions of nuclear energy
found that most studies were conducted in North America and Europe,
while limited studies were conducted in SEA (Ho et al., 2018). As such,
this study seeks to address the research gap by exploring public per-
ceptions in SEA countries, particularly, Singapore. Additionally, this
study contributes to literature by exploring an under-studied cultural
context, which diﬀers substantially from North America, Europe, and
East Asia in terms of its culture, language, and religion (Vinayak et al.,
2014).
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.enpol.2018.05.060
Received 3 July 2017; Received in revised form 27 April 2018; Accepted 26 May 2018
⁎ Corresponding author.
E-mail addresses: tsyho@ntu.edu.sg (S.S. Ho), jiemin001@e.ntu.edu.sg (J. Looi), sfchuah@ntu.edu.sg (A.S.F. Chuah), alisiusd001@e.ntu.edu.sg (A.D. Leong),
natalie.pang@nus.edu.sg (N. Pang).
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
Available online 01 June 2018
0301-4215/ ©
 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
T
Coupled with the burgeoning salience of nuclear energy in SEA, a
clear understanding of public perceptions toward nuclear energy is
needed, as such attitudes may facilitate or hinder nuclear energy
adoption and development (Thai Visa News, 2015; Visschers and
Siegrist, 2012). For instance, Thailand's plans for nuclear energy de-
velopment were met with public opposition (Pattaya Mail, 2011).
However, these nuclear development plans were recently revived due
to an anticipated growth in electricity demand (WNA, 2018). Similarly,
Malaysia's nuclear energy development plans were stalled (Jamal,
2015). After a series of pre-feasibility studies, Malaysian authorities
passed a bill to prepare Malaysia for its own nuclear power generator as
early as 2030 (WNA, 2018). Although Singapore does not have concrete
plans for nuclear energy development, it is currently in the nascent
stage of nurturing nuclear experts and is open to nuclear energy de-
velopment in the future (National Climate Change Secretariat, 2016;
Siong, 2014).
The successful adoption and development of nuclear energy requires
substantial start-up costs, advanced technological capabilities, and ef-
fective governance. Hence, it will be meaningful to examine public
perceptions in a developed SEA country with the potential to satisfy
these requirements. Considering Singapore's regional leadership in
technological development, economic aﬄuence, and its eﬃcient gov-
ernment with low levels of corruption (Driscoll, 2016), it is worthwhile
to explore the underlying dynamics of public perceptions toward nu-
clear energy in this context.
Guided by the source credibility theory, this study aims to compare
how Singaporeans across diﬀerent age groups concur and/ or diﬀer in
their credibility perceptions of potential stakeholders in managing nu-
clear power plants and handling nuclear accidents. Drawing upon the
psychometric
paradigm,
this
study
also
seeks
to
compare
how
Singaporeans across diﬀerent age groups concur and/ or diﬀer in their
perceived risks, beneﬁts, and support for nuclear energy. Theoretically,
this study can contribute to public opinion research on nuclear energy
by applying both the psychometric paradigm and the source credibility
theory in an under-studied cultural context. Practically, the insights
gleaned from this study can assist policymakers and communication
practitioners in formulating and implementing eﬀective communica-
tion strategies to raise public awareness about nuclear energy.
1.1. Study context: Singapore
Singapore occupies a land area of 719.1 km2 (Singapore Land
Authority, 2016) with an estimated population of 5.54 million
(Singapore Department of Statistics, 2016). As a city-state with limited
natural resources, the Republic currently relies on regional imports of
petroleum, coal, and natural gas for energy production (Energy Market
Authority, 2016). Over the decades, Singapore has prioritized and in-
corporated sustainability in its national policies by adopting cleaner
energy sources such as natural gas, which powers up to 95% of Sin-
gapore's electricity demands (Tan, 2015). In light of Singapore's rising
energy demands, the government is open to nuclear energy as an al-
ternative energy source in the future (Thomas, 2010).
However, the Singaporean authorities conducted a pre-feasibility
study and found that the risks posed by nuclear energy in the Singapore
context outweighed its beneﬁts on nuclear safety, security and risk
assessment, human resource development, as well as nuclear energy
systems and demand (Ministry of Trade and Industry, 2012). Given the
Republic's small land area and high population density (Kotwani,
2015), siting the nuclear reactor and setting up socio-politically ac-
ceptable emergency preparedness procedures will be challenging
(National Climate Change Secretariat, 2016; Phua, 2015). Moreover,
most Singaporeans perceive nuclear energy as a hazardous technology,
due to the potential destruction posed by nuclear accidents (Ng, 2011;
Tan, 2015). Although there are currently no ﬁrm plans to incorporate
nuclear into Singapore's energy mix, the government intends to develop
nuclear-related expertise to manage nuclear safety amidst regional
nuclear energy development plans (Kotwani, 2015; Leong, 2016). The
Singapore government has also underscored the importance of public
education by disseminating nuclear-related information through a
combination of media platforms (Siong, 2014; Kotwani, 2015).
2. Theoretical background
Due to the complexities of nuclear energy, laypeople may lack the
motivation and cognitive ability to evaluate the eﬀectiveness of nu-
clear-related messages. This study utilizes the source credibility theory
to understand how laypeoples’ perceived expertise and trustworthiness
of nuclear-related information sources and potential stakeholders
function as judgement heuristics. This study also compares these
credibility perceptions among Singaporeans from diﬀerent age groups.
This study draws upon the psychometric paradigm, which is a landmark
research approach that examines public perceptions of risks (Marris
et al., 1997; Siegrist, 2010). As the psychometric paradigm has been
extensively applied in public opinion research on nuclear energy
(Siegrist, 2010), it is well-suited to explore how diﬀerent generations of
Singaporeans perceive nuclear energy.
2.1. Source credibility theory
During the process of communication and information processing,
individuals’ attitudes and behaviors are primarily inﬂuenced by the
characteristics of an information source (Kelman, 1961). The Heuristic
Systematic Model (HSM) of information processing stipulates that in-
dividuals process information systematically or heuristically, which
subsequently aﬀects their attitudes toward a particular topic (Chaiken,
1980; Chaiken and Eagly, 1989). As cognitive misers, people typically
lack the motivation and cognitive abilities (e.g., limited domain-speciﬁc
knowledge) to systematically process information (Chen and Chaiken,
1999; Todorov et al., 2002). Therefore, individuals typically rely on
judgement heuristics or information shortcuts to evaluate information
sources (Goren et al., 2009).
Source credibility is a noteworthy characteristic that determines the
persuasiveness of an information source (Druckman, 2001; Miller et al.,
1976). In other words, people evaluate the information source to de-
termine if the message content, message source, and subject matter are
“valid, relevant, salient and believable” (Callaghan and Schnell, 2009,
p. 13). Source credibility also serves as a judgement heuristic for in-
dividuals to evaluate complex or conﬂicting scientiﬁc information
(Callaghan and Schnell, 2009). Individuals often rely on the informa-
tion disseminated by highly credible ﬁgures, such as scientists or pol-
icymakers to assess the beneﬁts, risks, and uncertainty of scientiﬁc in-
formation
(Siegrist
and
Cvetkovich,
2000).
Studies
have
also
demonstrated the association between the public's credibility percep-
tions and attitudes toward nuclear energy (Siegrist, 2005a; Viklund,
2003). Therefore, this study aims to understand how the Singaporean
public perceives the credibility of nuclear-related information sources.
Source credibility is a multi-dimensional concept and judgement
heuristic for evaluating message eﬀectiveness (Hovland et al., 1953;
Ohanian, 1991). Source credibility includes two key dimensions: source
expertise and trustworthiness (Callaghan and Schnell, 2009; Hovland
et al., 1953; Lombardi et al., 2014). Source expertise refers to audiences’
perceptions of the source's authority, knowledge, and capabilities to-
ward a particular subject matter (Sertoglu, 2014). This is commonly
regarded as the authoritativeness (McCroskey, 1966), proﬁciency
(Whitehead, 1968), and credentials of an information source (Berlo
et al., 1969). Meanwhile, source trustworthiness is deﬁned as audiences’
degree of conﬁdence and acceptance of an information source's hon-
esty, integrity, and message content's accuracy (Berdahl et al., 2016;
van der Waldt et al., 2009).
Individuals’ perceptions of source expertise and trustworthiness could
contribute to message eﬀectiveness (Berdahl et al., 2016; Chao et al.,
2005). For instance, scientists are widely regarded as credible and
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
437
competent sources of information (Bickerstaﬀ et al., 2008; Fiske and
Dupree, 2014). The high societal regard for scientists thus serves as an
information shortcut for laypeople when forming opinions about novel
or controversial technologies (Lachapelle et al., 2014; Liu and Priest,
2009). Therefore, this study aims to understand the public's credibility
perceptions of individuals and organizations, such as potential stake-
holders of nuclear energy and various media outlets:
RQ1: How do diﬀerent age groups of Singaporeans concur and/ or diﬀer
in their credibility perceptions of the media and potential stakeholders of
nuclear energy?
2.2. Psychometric paradigm
The psychometric paradigm examines various factors that inﬂuence
laypeople's risk perceptions toward diﬀerent hazards (Siegrist, 2010;
Siegrist et al., 2005b). Laypeople quantitatively evaluated certain ha-
zards in terms of the novelty of the hazard, severity of consequences,
and knowledge about the risks associated with the hazard that is known
to science (Fischhoﬀ et al., 1978; Siegrist et al., 2005b). These quan-
titative assessments of perceived risks in turn inform laypeople's atti-
tudes and acceptance of diﬀerent technologies and activities (Fischhoﬀ
et al., 1978; Siegrist et al., 2005b).
Apart from evaluating diﬀerent hazards quantitatively, laypeople
also assess these risks qualitatively (Fischhoﬀ et al., 1978; Siegrist,
2010). A growing body of literature suggests that laypeople consider
dread risk and unknown risk when forming opinions and making risk
assessments of diﬀerent hazards (Siegrist et al., 2005a, 2005b). Dread
risk is deﬁned as the potential of dread, fatal consequences, and per-
ceived lack of control of novel technologies (Siegrist et al., 2005a,
2005b). In this study, examples of dread risks include the potential
fatalities and injuries from nuclear energy adoption and development.
Unknown risk refers to the perceived novelty, scientiﬁc knowledge, and
delay of eﬀects associated with the particular activity or technology
(Siegrist et al., 2005a, 2005b). In this study, the unknown risks could
pertain to laypeople's perceptions of the riskiness, environmental harm,
and unacceptability of nuclear energy. Marris and colleagues (1997)
found that participants rated the riskiness, environmental harm, and
unacceptability of nuclear energy more highly than its potential risks of
fatalities and injuries. In other words, laypeople's risk perceptions of
nuclear energy were primarily based on their evaluations of concepts
associated with dread risk, rather than unknown risk.
The psychometric paradigm has informed policymakers and com-
munication practitioners about the factors inﬂuencing laypeople's risk
perceptions toward nuclear energy (Siegrist, 2010). The knowledge and
understanding of these risk factors can help policymakers and com-
munication practitioners predict public responses to new hazards, guide
educational eﬀorts, and implement eﬀective public communication
campaigns to assuage public concerns. Therefore, this study utilizes the
psychometric paradigm to understand the public's risk and beneﬁt
perceptions of nuclear energy in Singapore, while teasing out the in-
tergenerational similarities and diﬀerences.
RQ2: How do diﬀerent age groups of Singaporeans concur and/ or diﬀer
in their perceived risks, beneﬁts, and support of nuclear energy?
3. Method
3.1. Data collection
This study utilized focus group discussions (FGDs) to elicit insights
from Singaporeans across diﬀerent age groups. Although FGDs do not
provide nationally-representative data (Berdahl et al., 2016; Lock et al.,
2014), it is well-suited for the complex topic areas in this study that
require elaboration to facilitate easier comprehension among laypeople
(Carey and Asbury, 2012). The participant-led discussions and inter-
personal interactions in FGDs can facilitate information exchange
(Onwuegbuzie et al., 2009), deliberation, and encourage collective
brainstorming (Smithson, 2000). Although participants may be inﬂu-
enced by more vocal respondents (Stewart et al., 2007), this method
yields high ecological validity by mimicking the ﬂow of daily con-
versations (Lock et al., 2014). Moreover, FGDs are instrumental in
measuring social attitudes by identifying the similarities and diﬀerences
in opinions among participants (Stewart et al., 2007). FGDs are also an
established qualitative research method in science communication,
such as nuclear energy (Berdahl et al., 2016; Lock et al., 2014), stem
cell research (Pfeﬀer, 2008), and biotechnology (Beckwith et al., 2003).
3.2. Sampling and recruitment
A total of 39 participants were recruited using non-probability
sampling. To capture an extensive range of perceptions, four FGDs were
conducted, with group sizes ranging from 9 to 10 respondents. Each
FGD represented a range of ages, as detailed in Table 1. Participants
were recruited via emails and recruitment leaﬂets handed out at public
places. Only Singapore citizens and permanent residents were recruited
to accurately gauge public perceptions of nuclear energy in Singapore.
An equivalent proportion of male and female participants were re-
cruited to minimize gender bias. To ensure that the attitudes of all
prominent social groups were captured, a racial quota was maintained
for each FGD. The sample constituted 76.9% Chinese, 12.8% Malay,
5.1% Indian, 2.6% Eurasian, and 2.6% from other ethnicities, which
resembles Singapore's population demographics.
One FGD was held with undergraduates from a large public uni-
versity in Singapore, while the other 3 FGDs were conducted with
members of the public. Apart from the FGD conducted with university
students (FGD 1) aged from 18 to 24, the 3 FGDs held with the public
were segmented according to age: FGD 2 participants (Millennial gen-
eration) were aged from 18 to 34, FGD 3 participants (Generation X)
were aged from 35 to 50, and FGD 4 participants (Baby Boomer gen-
eration) were aged from 51 to 69 (see Table 1). This age classiﬁcation
was derived based on the general age of majority for contractual ca-
pacity in Singapore1 (Yeo, 2015), and the deﬁnition of generations by
the Pew Research Center2 (Pew Research Centre, 2015). As the
Table 1
Focus group participant details.
Group no.
Participants
Participants (no. and gender)
Age
Generations
FGD1
Undergraduates
10 (4 males, 6 females)
18–24 M = 21.1; SD = 2.28
The Millennial generation
FGD2
General public
9 (5 males, 4 females)
18–34 M = 26.2; SD = 5.09
The Millennial generation
FGD3
General public
10 (6 males, 4 females)
35–50 M = 41.8; SD = 5.85
Generation X
FGD4
General public
10 (5 males, 5 females)
51–69 M = 55.6; SD = 5.17
Baby Boomer generation
1 The general age of majority of contractual capacity in Singapore stands at 18, with
the exception of contractual agreements relating to land, which remains at 21 (Yeo,
2015). This was taken into account as this signiﬁed the individual's attainment of
adulthood, in which they could exercise sensible judgements about national issues and
impact policy decisions that could extend to such national issues as the development of
nuclear energy.
2 Age was chosen as the predominant classiﬁcation method as the demographic and
attitudinal diﬀerences between generations may elicit vastly diﬀerent opinions regarding
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
438
Millennial generation surpassed the Baby Boomers as the largest gen-
eration globally (Cosseboom, 2015), an additional FGD session was
conducted with college undergraduates.
Prior to each FGD, informed consent was sought from all the par-
ticipants. Participants also provided their demographic information and
rated their knowledge of nuclear energy by answering a pre-FGD
questionnaire. Each FGD lasted for 2 h and light refreshments were
provided. Upon completion, the participants comprising of college
undergraduates received course credits, while members of the public
received S$90 each.
3.3. Moderation and guide
The FGDs were conducted in English and moderated by a member of
the research team, who was assisted by an assistant moderator in note-
taking. This ensured a smooth transition between subject matters while
addressing all topic areas, and that every participant was given ample
opportunity to speak. The moderator for FGD 1 and FGD 2 was a
doctoral student well-trained in social science research with FGD
moderation experience. Both the moderators for FGD 3 and FGD 4 were
college faculty members in the social sciences.
The moderators followed a semi-structured moderator's guide to
steer the FGDs. It was formulated based on existing public opinion re-
search on nuclear energy. The moderator's guide included a pre-de-
termined list of questions and prompts, which was used in all the FGDs
to facilitate free-ﬂowing discussion among participants. Drawing upon
the source credibility theory, the moderator's guide began with a dis-
cussion on the communication channels used by participants to acquire
and receive nuclear-related information, and their perceived credibility
of these information sources. The subsequent questions explored par-
ticipants’ trust in relevant stakeholders in managing nuclear power
plants and handling nuclear accidents. Thereafter, the guide included
key questions related to the participants’ perceived beneﬁts and risks of
nuclear energy, which was informed by the psychometric paradigm.
Apart from the general beneﬁts and risks related to nuclear energy,
participants were also asked to relate these questions to the Singapore
context, and provide their overall judgement of nuclear energy (See
Appendix A).
3.4. Analysis
The FGDs were digitally-recorded, transcribed verbatim, and ana-
lyzed by research team members. To ensure conﬁdentiality, all personal
information was removed from the transcripts and quotes, and replaced
with an alphanumeric code. The transcripts were then imported into the
NVivo software for data management. A deductive approach of coding
was ﬁrst adopted, whereby codes were created based on existing lit-
erature. An inductive coding approach was also utilized concurrently to
capture emerging data during the coding process.
This study followed Berdahl et al.’s (2016) and Lock et al.’s proce-
dure of analyzing the data collected. The data analysis procedure in-
cludes examining transcripts meticulously, generating codes, and
identifying themes apart from the predetermined categories in the semi-
structured moderator's guide. To ensure inter-coder reliability, a coding
scheme was ﬁrst established by two researchers to code and analyze the
FGD transcripts in NVivo. The coders then coded the transcripts in-
dependently and compared their coding using NVivo. An average inter-
coder score of Cohen's kappa= 0.73 was obtained for all the codes in all
the transcripts, which indicated a good inter-coder reliability score
based on Cohen's (1960) standards.
This study also adhered to Braun and Clarke's (2006) guidelines for
thematic analysis to determine the themes and sub-themes that
emerged from the FGD. Themes were primarily derived from the re-
peated presentation of a subject matter within and across the partici-
pant's narratives. These repeated patterns were based on the its re-
levance in addressing the research questions and the frequency of
mentions. The themes (i.e., primary and emergent themes) were iden-
tiﬁed by including various perspectives in data interpretation, or “in-
vestigator triangulation” (Patton, 2002, p. 247), which added strength
to the hybridized analytical approach in this study. First, primary
themes were identiﬁed using deductive coding based on the main ar-
guments presented in existing literature and the moderator's guide.
Following, the major themes and sub-themes were coded based on the
moderator's guide and FGD transcripts. The major nodes for coding
included “sources of information,” “perceptions,” “trust in relevant
stakeholders,” and “scenario-based questions.” Meanwhile, emergent
themes were identiﬁed by research team members through a formal
coding process using inductive coding. In other words, the emergent
themes that did not ﬁt into the pre-existing primary themes were coded
individually.
4. Results
Six key themes emerged from the participants’ responses; two of
which pertained to credibility perceptions of nuclear-related informa-
tion sources and trust in potential stakeholders, while four major
themes included public perceptions of beneﬁts, risks, costs, and support
for nuclear energy. Of the major themes, the features of credibility for
information sources emerged inductively from the data. Meanwhile, the
other ﬁve major themes were primary themes that were predetermined
before data collection (see Tables 2 and 3).
4.1. Credibility of nuclear-related information sources
4.1.1. Types of communication mediums
The participants mainly accessed nuclear-related information using
four types of communication mediums: print media, broadcast media,
online and social media, and word-of-mouth. Print media consisted of
newspapers, magazines, and academic journal publications. Nuclear-
related information propagated through radio and television were ca-
tegorized as broadcast media. Apart from social media, online media
included messaging applications, websites, and search engines. Finally,
conferences, discussions, education, and military training were classi-
ﬁed as word-of-mouth. Inter-generational diﬀerences were observed in
the participants’ media consumption and information-seeking beha-
viors. Participants from FGD 1 and FGD 2 utilized online and social
media most frequently and accessed information via broadcast media
least frequently. Conversely, broadcast and print media were most
commonly used among the respondents from FGD 3 and FGD 4, while
online and social media were least commonly used.
The respondents across the four FGDs identiﬁed the type of com-
munication medium as a crucial feature in determining source cred-
ibility of nuclear-related information. The respondents concurred that a
general hierarchy of source credibility exists. Print media was perceived
as the most credible communication channel, followed by broadcast
media, word-of-mouth, and online and social media. Print media such
as academic papers were perceived as credible information sources as
they were based on empirical evidence, while newspapers were per-
ceived as credible information sources as they provide balanced view-
points. The younger and older participants held diﬀering credibility
perceptions toward social media and search engines in providing nu-
clear-related information. Participants from FGD 1 and FGD 2 perceived
social media as credible, as users can determine the information sour-
ce's credibility by analyzing the webpage's hyperlink and cross-ver-
ifying with other information sources. Although the participants from
FGD 3 and FGD 4 acknowledged that search engines like Google are
(footnote continued)
nuclear energy (Harber, 2011). This included diﬀerences in education levels, media
consumption patterns, and preferred communication styles. While the age classiﬁcation
ensured that the participants could voice their opinions freely, it also strived to achieve a
wide range of ages within each group to obtain a diversity of perspectives.
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
439
Table 2
Overview of participants’ responses to RQ1.
RQ1: How do diﬀerent age groups of Singaporeans concur and/or diﬀer in their credibility perceptions of the media and potential stakeholders of nuclear energy?
Millennials (Aged 18–34)
Generation X (Aged 35–50)
Baby Boomers (Aged 51–69)
Summary
Types of communication mediums used to
access nuclear-related information
1. Online and social media
2. Print media
3. Word-of-mouth
4. Broadcast media
1. Print media
2. Broadcast media
3. Word-of-mouth
4. Online and social media
1. Print media
2. Broadcast media
3. Word-of-mouth
4. Online and social media
Similarities:
▪ Generation X and Baby Boomers used print media most frequently to
access nuclear-related information.
▪ Generation X and Baby Boomers used online and social media least
frequently to access nuclear-related information.
Diﬀerences:
▪ Millennials used online and social media most frequently to access
nuclear-related information, which diﬀers from Generation X and
Baby Boomers.
Hierarchy of source credibility for
communication mediums
1. Print media
2. Broadcast media
3. Online and social media
4. Word-of-mouth
1. Print media
2. Broadcast media
3. Word-of-mouth
4. Online and social media
1. Print media
2. Broadcast media
3. Word-of-mouth
4. Online and social media
Similarities:
▪ Participants across all age groups perceived print and broadcast
media as the most credible communication mediums.
▪ Both Generation X and Baby Boomers perceived online and social
media as non-credible nuclear-related information sources.
Diﬀerences:
▪ Unlike the other two age groups, Millennials perceived online and
social media as credible nuclear-related information source.
Evaluating source credibility of nuclear-
related information
▪ Nuclear scientists
▪ SG government
▪ IGOs
▪ Media outlets
▪ Nuclear scientists
▪ SG government
▪ IGOs
▪ Media outlets
▪ Nuclear scientists
▪ SG government
▪ IGOs
▪ Media outlets
Similarities:
▪ Participants across all age groups identiﬁed similar credible sources
of nuclear-related information.
▪ Participants across all age groups evaluated credibility of media outlets
based on their reputation.
Evaluating content credibility of nuclear-
related information
▪ Information that corroborates
with existing literature
▪ Factual nuclear-related
information
▪ Opinions from inﬂuential
speakers
▪ Information that corroborates
with existing literature
▪ Factual nuclear-related
information
▪ Opinions from inﬂuential
speakers
▪ Information that corroborates
with existing literature
▪ Factual nuclear-related
information
▪ Opinions from inﬂuential
speakers
Similarities:
▪ Participants across all age groups evaluated the content credibility of
the nuclear-related information sources similarly.
Trust in potential stakeholders in managing
NPP
▪ Nuclear experts
▪ Commercial operators
▪ SG government
▪ Foreign government
▪ IGOs
▪ NGOs & Watchdogs
▪ Nuclear experts
▪ Commercial operators
▪ SG government
▪ Foreign government
▪ IGOs
▪ NGOs & Watchdogs
▪ Nuclear experts
▪ Commercial operators
▪ SG government
▪ Foreign government
▪ IGOs
▪ NGOs & Watchdogs
Similarities:
▪ Participants across all age groups felt that a joint venture involving
multiple potential stakeholders would be the best option.
Trust in potential stakeholders in handling
nuclear accidents
▪ Nuclear experts
▪ Commercial operators
▪ Plant operating authorities
▪ IGOs
▪ Foreign governments
▪ SG government
▪ Nuclear experts
▪ Commercial operators
▪ Plant operating authorities
▪ IGOs
▪ Foreign governments
▪ SG government
▪ Nuclear experts
▪ Commercial operators
▪ Plant operating authorities
▪ IGOs
▪ Foreign governments
▪ SG government
Similarities:
▪ Participants across all age groups identiﬁed the same potential
stakeholders for handling nuclear accidents.
Diﬀerences:
▪ Millennials expressed mixed levels of trust toward the SG
government.
▪ Baby Boomers expressed a high level of trust toward the SG
government.
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
440
Table 3
Overview of participants’ responses to RQ2.
RQ2: How do diﬀerent age groups of Singaporeans concur and/ or diﬀer in their perceived risks, beneﬁts, and support of nuclear energy?
Millennials (Aged 18–34)
Generation X (Aged 35–50)
Baby Boomers (Aged 51–69)
Summary
Beneﬁt perception
▪ High reliability and output
▪ High reliability and output
▪ Self-suﬃciency for electricity
generation
Similarities:
▪ Environmental beneﬁts
▪ Environmental beneﬁts
▪ Economic beneﬁts
▪ Millennials and Generation X highlighted the high reliability and output of
nuclear energy and its environmental beneﬁts.
▪ Economic beneﬁts
▪ Economic beneﬁts
▪ High reliability and output
Diﬀerences:
▪ Self-suﬃciency for electricity
generation
▪ Self-suﬃciency for electricity
generation
▪ Environmental beneﬁts
▪ Baby Boomers emphasized the economic beneﬁts of nuclear energy and its
ability to provide SG with self-suﬃciency in electricity generation.
Risk perception
▪ Nuclear accidents
▪ Nuclear accidents
▪ Nuclear accidents
Similarities:
▪ Weaponization of nuclear energy
▪ Weaponization of nuclear energy
▪ Weaponization of nuclear energy
▪ Participants across all focus groups highlighted nuclear accidents.
▪ Radioactive waste
▪ Radioactive waste
▪ Radioactive waste
▪ Health hazards
▪ Health hazards
▪ Health hazards
▪ Terrorist attacks
▪ Terrorist attacks
▪ Terrorist attacks
▪ Strain diplomatic ties
▪ Strain diplomatic ties
▪ Strain diplomatic ties
Cost perception:
▪ Low production cost
▪ Low production cost
▪ Low production cost
Similarities:
Monetary costs
▪ High start-up costs
▪ High start-up costs
▪ High start-up costs
▪ Participants across all focus groups expressed mixed feelings about the
monetary costs regarding nuclear energy.
Cost perception:
▪ Too costly if nuclear energy fails
▪ Too costly if nuclear energy fails
▪ Too costly if nuclear energy fails
Similarities:
Opportunity costs
▪ Investments could be spent on
renewable energy sources instead.
▪ Investments could be spent on
renewable energy sources instead.
▪ Investments could be spent on
renewable energy sources instead.
▪ Participants across all focus groups identiﬁed the same opportunity costs
incurred in nuclear energy development
▪ Lose major investments from fossil fuel
companies
▪ Lose major investments from fossil fuel
companies
▪ Lose major investments from fossil fuel
companies
Support
▪ Opposed nuclear energy development
in SG
▪ Opposed nuclear energy development
in SG
▪ Opposed nuclear energy development
in SG
Similarities:
(SG)
▪ Reluctantly accepted nuclear energy
under certain conditions.
▪ Reluctantly accepted nuclear energy
under certain conditions.
▪ Reluctantly accepted nuclear energy
under certain conditions.
▪ Participants across all focus groups generally opposed nuclear energy
development in SG
▪ Participants across the focus groups conditionally accepted nuclear energy
development for commercial reasons, survival and self-suﬃciency, and their
perceived inability to oppose government decisions.
Support
▪ Opposed nuclear energy development
in SEA
▪ Opposed nuclear energy development
in SEA
▪ Opposed nuclear energy development
in SEA
Similarities:
(SEA Countries)
▪ Participants across all focus groups generally opposed nuclear energy
development in SEA due to close geographical proximity and strained
diplomatic tensions surrounding annual haze problem
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
441
“very powerful” due to the extensive range of information sources, they
felt that its credibility was compromised as content posted is not
regulated.
4.1.2. Sources of information
Across the four FGDs, participants mainly perceived established
media outlets, scientists, government, and international governing or-
ganizations (IGOs) as credible sources for nuclear-related information.
The participants trusted established mainstream media such as news-
papers and documentaries, due to its editorial control. The participants
concurred that nuclear scientists, government, and IGOs were credible
information sources due to their nuclear expertise and access to ex-
clusive nuclear-related information. Furthermore, participants trusted
the Singapore government for its high transparency and competency,
while IGOs were perceived as objective information sources with a
global outlook.
However, a participant in FGD 2 expressed his reservations about
the mainstream media's credibility and objectivity, as some media
outlets were known to favor certain people in power. Other participants
in FGD 2 were also skeptical of local and international media outlets as
they felt that the bribing of reporters to review certain issues were quite
prevalent in SEA. As such, credibility perceptions also depend on the
news organization's reputation.
4.1.3. Content of information
The content of information also emerged as an important compo-
nent for determining source credibility. The participants across all FGDs
evaluated the credibility of nuclear-related information by cross-ver-
ifying it with other information sources. Nuclear-related information
was perceived as credible if the content corroborated with existing
literature. Factual nuclear-related information was also perceived as
being more credible than opinionated nuclear-related information. One
participant from FGD 1 mentioned that personal opinions on online
forums such as Reddit include emotionally charged content which ex-
plicitly intend to persuade other online users to think in a certain way,
thereby decreasing its credibility.
Despite this, the participants also trusted value-laden information
from inﬂuential, successful, and expert speakers. For instance, a parti-
cipant from FGD 2 asserted, “people who are on TED3 are supposed to
be very credible, but all these are opinions. Although, if Jack Ma4 said
that is a very good opinion, I will just take it.” Hence, the participants
trusted and accepted opinions by speakers perceived to be skilled,
knowledgeable, attractive, worthy, and respectable. The information
source was therefore perceived as a more important indicator of source
credibility than the content of information.
4.2. Trust in potential stakeholders
4.2.1. Managing nuclear power plants
Across the FGDs, the participants identiﬁed several potential sta-
keholders to manage the nuclear power plants: nuclear experts, com-
mercial operators, IGOs (e.g., the United Nations), the Singapore gov-
ernment, foreign governments (e.g, Japanese, Russian governments),
non-governmental organizations, and watchdogs. However, the parti-
cipants across the four FGDs were unable to trust a single potential
stakeholder whole-heartedly. One participant from FGD 3 mentioned
that scientists are deﬁnitely important, but they are typically “in ca-
hoots” with the government. Most respondents also distrusted com-
mercial operators due to their proﬁt motivations. Additionally, parti-
cipants recognized the limited capacity of IGOs such as the United
Nations to enforce changes, despite their nuclear-related expertise. This
general distrust also extended to foreign and local national govern-
ments. Although some respondents trusted the Japanese and Russian
governments’ experience in managing nuclear power plants, most
participants preferred the Singaporean government to have a major
involvement. This view was expressed by most participants, regardless
of their political allegiances. One participant in FGD 4 expressed that
“As much as I hate their guts… I trust their honesty.” Despite this, the
participants also mentioned the need for NGOs and watchdogs to keep
checks and balances on the government or the scientists.
The participants across all FGDs eventually decided that a joint
venture involving multiple potential stakeholders would be the best
option. A participant from FGD 2 mentioned that:
“I would let this scenario be a joint venture…Singapore government
owns 50% and the technical know-how from the foreign entity
comes in and tries to transfer this knowledge to us, and eventually
work towards full independence by our government. So fully oper-
ated
by
Singapore
scientist[s]
and
government
authorities.”
(P8G3SG)
4.2.2. Handling nuclear accidents
The participants identiﬁed nuclear experts, commercial operators,
IGOs, the Singapore government, foreign governments (e.g., Japanese,
Russian governments), plant operating authorities, and volunteers as
potential stakeholders if a nuclear accident occurred in Singapore.
Majority of the participants trusted any individual or organization with
relevant expertise to handle a potential nuclear accident. Some parti-
cipants also mentioned the need to assemble a nuclear crisis reaction
team. The participants also identiﬁed local life-saving forces such as the
Singapore Civil Defense Force (SCDF) as a potential stakeholder due to
their knowledge of Singapore's environmental conditions. Although
they were aware that the SCDF did not currently possess nuclear-related
expertise, the participants felt that the SCDF could be trained to react in
these circumstances.
Intergenerational diﬀerences were observed as participants in FGD
4 held a high level of trust in the government to handle nuclear acci-
dents, while participants in FGD 1 and FGD 2 expressed mixed reac-
tions. Some participants trusted the government due to their personal
political beliefs, while others felt that the government would underplay
the destruction of the nuclear accident by censoring mainstream media
outlets. Despite this, participants from FGD 1 and FGD 2 still expected
the local government to take responsibility in handling nuclear acci-
dents.
The participants from FGD 1 and FGD 2 also trusted and welcomed
any individual or organization such as foreign governments or IGOs to
provide assistance in handling the nuclear accident. Other participants
also corroborated that the “Russian or Japanese should be best in
handling crises” due to their experience in problem-solving and
cleaning up after a nuclear accident. A participant from FGD 1 men-
tioned that IGOs could take on an advisory role and collaborate with the
local government for crisis communication to the public.
4.3. Attitudes toward nuclear energy
4.3.1. Beneﬁt perception
The participants across all FGDs noted the high reliability and ef-
ﬁciency of nuclear as an energy source, its environmental beneﬁts,
economic beneﬁts, and the self-suﬃciency it provides for energy pro-
duction and electrical generation. Of them, the latter three beneﬁts
were speciﬁcally relevant to Singapore. Notably, intergenerational
diﬀerences were observed as the participants from diﬀerent FGDs
3 TED is a non-partisan, non-proﬁt organization devoted to spreading ideas through
short, impactful talks. TED has involved expert speakers from diﬀerent disciplines and
cultures to share their ideas about a variety of topics ranging from science to business to
global issues (TED, 2017).
4 Jack Ma is the founder and executive chairman of the Alibaba Group, a conglomerate
of internet-based busineses. Ma is among the world's most inﬂuential businessmen,
coming in second in Fortune's 2017 “World's 50 Greatest Leaders” list (Joslin, 2017). He is
also recognized as China's biggest philanthropist, and has given numerous lecturers
throughout his career.
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
442
mentioned certain beneﬁts more frequently. The participants from FGD
1 and FGD 2 mentioned the high reliability and output of nuclear en-
ergy, and its environmental beneﬁts most frequently. Meanwhile, the
respondents from FGD 3 highlighted the high reliability and eﬃciency
of nuclear energy and its economic beneﬁts. The participants from FGD
4 brought up the self-suﬃciency for energy production and electrical
generation, as well as the economic beneﬁts of nuclear energy most
frequently.
4.3.2. Reliable and eﬃcient energy source
Many participants acknowledged the eﬃciency and reliability of
nuclear energy. The participants perceived nuclear energy as an un-
yielding energy source, even during the monsoon or dry seasons in
Singapore. The participants also recognized its high eﬃciency for
electrical generation, in comparison to renewable energy sources.
Several participants also described nuclear as a sustainable energy
source that “don’t sic need a lot of uranium to generate a lot of power.”
4.3.3. Environmental beneﬁts
Most participants agreed that nuclear is an environmentally-friendly
energy source that releases less carbon emissions as compared to con-
ventional forms of energy, such as fossil fuels. One participant from
FGD
3
also
recognized
that
nuclear
energy
could
complement
Singapore's environmental policies to reduce its carbon footprint.
4.3.4. Economic beneﬁts
Across all FGDs, most participants recognized that nuclear energy
development would generate many job opportunities and boost eco-
nomic development, especially in light of the current lackluster em-
ployment prospects and stagnant economic growth. Participants across
the four FGDs also mentioned that Singapore could export the surplus
energy generated from the nuclear power plants for additional revenue.
One participant from FGD 3 alluded to Singapore's success in water
technology,5 and mentioned that many countries could beneﬁt if Sin-
gapore adopted nuclear energy. Another participant from FGD 3 also
mentioned that nuclear energy adoption could reinforce Singapore's
economic leadership in SEA.
4.3.5. Self-suﬃciency
Across the four FGDs, the participants perceived nuclear energy as
an avenue for Singapore to address its rising energy demands and
achieve its goals as a technologically advanced nation. Instead of re-
lying on foreign imports for natural gas, participants also felt that
Singapore could be self-suﬃcient in satisfying its energy needs and
stabilize electricity prices. The participants also referred to Singapore's
advanced water technology and self-sustainability in water.
4.4. Risk perception
The participants identiﬁed nuclear accidents, weaponization of
nuclear energy, production of radioactive waste, health hazards from
radioactive exposure, and terrorist attacks as perceived risks associated
with nuclear energy. The potential threats of terrorist attacks and a
plausible strain of diplomatic ties with neighboring countries were
particularly relevant to the Singapore context. No intergenerational
diﬀerences were found as the participants unanimously mentioned the
risks of nuclear accidents most frequently.
4.4.1. Nuclear accidents
Most participants immediately associated the risk of nuclear energy
with the Fukushima and Chernobyl nuclear accidents. They also ex-
pressed concern that a nuclear accident occurred in spite of the safety
precautions established for the Fukushima nuclear power plant.
Therefore, many participants described nuclear energy as a dangerous
and highly destructive technology with long-term damage, which
commonly incites fear. One participant from FGD 1 asserted that
Chernobyl is still suﬀering from the widespread eﬀects from the nuclear
accident even after many decades. Another participant from FGD 1
mentioned that he only heard about nuclear energy during an accident,
which led to his negative impression of nuclear energy. Many partici-
pants also noted that there is no room for error due to Singapore's
limited physical space. One participant from FGD 3 stated that “if there
were actually to be a nuclear accident in Singapore, I don’t think there's
anything you can do you know. We are just a dot. If there's an accident,
the whole country is gone.”
4.4.2. Weaponization of nuclear energy
Although the FGD moderators mentioned at the start of the session
that the discussion would be based on nuclear energy, several partici-
pants still mentioned the weaponization of nuclear energy as a risk.
Many participants felt that nuclear energy could be used to develop
weapons of mass destruction, while citing North Korea's development of
nuclear weapons. A few participants also attributed their negative im-
pressions of nuclear energy to the bombing incidents at Hiroshima
during World War II.
4.4.3. Production of radioactive waste
Although many participants perceived nuclear energy as an en-
vironmentally sustainable energy source, they recognized that the
danger posed by the production of radioactive waste may outweigh the
detriments of greenhouse eﬀects. Other participants expressed concern
over the disposal of nuclear waste, which could be transformed into
nuclear weapons by terrorists. The participants also felt that there
would be insuﬃcient land to bury or dispose the radioactive waste in
Singapore, leading to long-term environmental pollution. Some parti-
cipants also stated that the improper handling of radioactive waste
could contaminate local water supplies, which will negatively aﬀect
Singaporeans and strain Singapore's diplomatic ties with neighboring
countries.
4.4.4. Health hazards from radioactive exposure
Many participants across the four FGDs also displayed consternation
over radioactive exposure in causing enduring health hazards. One
participant from FGD 4 mentioned that “even a small dose of radiation
in the long term will aﬀect your health.” Meanwhile, another partici-
pant from FGD 3 was worried that the radioactivity in nuclear power
plants might detrimentally aﬀect the living conditions and physical
development of his children and the future generations.
4.4.5. Terrorist threats and attacks
Across all FGDS, some participants emphasized the need to establish
safety and security mechanisms. They were worried about the threat of
“nuclear terrorism” which may generate more radioactive waste, ne-
gatively aﬀect human health, and pollute the environment. Several
participants across the FGDs also mentioned that Singapore does not
have room for error to recover from terrorists attacks armed with nu-
clear weapons.
4.5. Cost perception
Although our research question did not include cost perception, the
concept emerged inductively from the FGDs. Participants from the four
FGDs pointed out monetary costs and opportunity costs associated with
nuclear energy. Mixed responses about the monetary costs were
5 Through the constant innovation of water management and treatment technologies,
Singapore has managed to address its scarcity in clean water by establishing a sustainable
water supply from varying sources, also known as the Four National Taps (Economic
Development Board Singapore, 2017). This includes water in local catchment areas,
imported from neighboring countries, reclaimed water (NEWater), as well as desalinated
water (Public Utilities Board Singapore, n. d.). In light of the success of local ﬁrms in the
global water industry, Singapore has also assumed global leadership for its technological
innovations in this industry (Teng, 2016).
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
443
obtained from the four FGDs. While some participants perceived nu-
clear as a cost-eﬃcient energy source due to its low costs of energy
production, others asserted that the start-up costs and expertise training
involves substantial ﬁnancial investments. The participants in FGD 2
and 3 also noted that Singapore would lose oil reﬁneries like Exxon
Mobil and Shell, which have invested signiﬁcantly in Singapore's
economy. Meanwhile, other participants felt that ﬁnancial investments
in nuclear energy would be too costly if it fails. The participants also
stated that the ﬁnancial investments on nuclear energy could be spent
on pursuing renewable energy sources.
4.6. Support for nuclear energy
The participants across all the FGDs were generally unsupportive of
nuclear energy. Most participants felt that the risks outweighed the
beneﬁts in the local context, as “the radioactivity will decimate
Singapore instantly” if a nuclear accident were to occur. Many parti-
cipants also felt that there were safer ways for Singapore to develop its
economy, and the investments for nuclear energy could be used to es-
tablish Singapore as a ﬁnancial hub instead. They were also un-
supportive of nuclear energy development plans in SEA. Most partici-
pants felt that Singapore and its neighboring countries were not ready
for nuclear energy development due to the close geographical proximity
of Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia, as well as the strained regional
diplomatic tensions surrounding the annual haze problem.6
Despite this, some participants were optimistic that the beneﬁts of
nuclear energy could match up with the risks in the long-term, as nu-
clear energy could be harnessed in a safer manner by learning from past
nuclear accidents. As such, respondents’ negative sentiments toward
nuclear energy were attributed to the lack of nuclear-related expertise
and technological capabilities to ensure nuclear safety currently. In
other words, their support for nuclear energy were largely contingent
on Singapore's nuclear-related capabilities. Participant from FGD 1 and
FGD 2 also mentioned that the large-scale environmental hazards and
waste production from other conventional energy sources such as oil
spills, did not receive as much dramatic media coverage as nuclear
energy.
4.6.1. Conditional acceptance
Despite the participants’ generally unsupportive attitudes for nu-
clear energy across all the FGDs, some participants reluctantly accepted
nuclear energy under certain circumstances. One participant from FGD
3 mentioned that “[they] have no choice. [They] don’t have any power
to oppose it.” Another participant also cited the incident when the
government went ahead with the construction of two casinos, despite
public criticisms (Berger, 2005). The participants also reluctantly ac-
cepted nuclear energy development if Singapore is required to jump on
the bandwagon and avoid lagging behind other SEA countries that have
pursued nuclear energy. Some participants also suggested that nuclear
energy may be necessary in the long-term, when traditional energy
sources run out.
5. Discussion
In summary, the participants evaluated the credibility of commu-
nication channels in terms of the source and content of nuclear-related
messages. In relation to RQ1, intergenerational diﬀerences were ob-
served in terms of the most frequently used communication channel to
obtain nuclear-related information, and participants’ perceived cred-
ibility of online and social media. Meanwhile, participants across dif-
ferent age groups concurred that a joint venture among potential sta-
keholders would be the best option in managing the nuclear power
plants. They also trusted any individual or organization with nuclear
expertise to handle nuclear accidents.
The participants identiﬁed general perceptions of beneﬁts and risks
associated with nuclear energy, while relating them to the Singapore
context. With regard to RQ2, intergenerational diﬀerences were ob-
served as certain beneﬁts were mentioned more frequently in particular
FGDs. Contrastingly, the participants across all FGDs unanimously
mentioned nuclear accidents most frequently when asked about their
perceived risks of nuclear energy. Moreover, participants’ across all
FGDs perceived costs in terms of the monetary costs and opportunity
costs. Participants were also generally unsupportive of nuclear energy,
but reluctantly accepted the adoption and development of nuclear en-
ergy due to commercial reasons, survival and self-suﬃciency, and their
perceived inability to oppose the government's decisions.
5.1. Implications
5.1.1. Theoretical implications
In line with the source credibility theory, the ﬁndings suggest that
participants evaluated nuclear-related information based on the sour-
ce's characteristics. In spite of the intergenerational diﬀerences, the
participants based their credibility perceptions on the same criteria.
Participants’ perceptions of source characteristics (e.g., type of com-
munication medium) prevailed over their assessments of the nuclear-
related content. Congruent with Hovland et al.’s (1953) research, the
ﬁndings also implied that participants’ trust in potential nuclear sta-
keholders were based on perceived source expertise and trustworthi-
ness.
The participants evaluated nuclear energy in terms of its risks,
beneﬁts, monetary costs, and opportunity costs. Therefore, this presents
a worthwhile premise for future quantitative research to advance the
psychometric paradigm by incorporating the abovementioned con-
siderations. Moreover, future studies can determine whether the psy-
chometric paradigm can account for individual data, inter-generational
comparisons, and aggregate data.
5.1.2. Policy implications
The insights gleaned from this study can help inform policymakers
and communication practitioners in formulating and implementing ef-
fective public education initiatives about nuclear energy. First, policy-
makers and communication practitioners can segment the public ac-
cording to their age groups and media consumption behaviors to
formulate eﬀective public communication tactics and disseminate nu-
clear-related messages. For instance, nuclear-related media messages
can be disseminated in public-service announcements via print and
broadcast media to the Baby Boomers and Generation X. Meanwhile,
nuclear-related information could be conveyed to Millennials via info-
graphics, listicles, and videos on online and social media. Policymakers
may also provide avenues for public consultation (e.g., online delib-
eration platforms for the Millennials, and face-to-face discussions for
Generation X and the Baby Boomers) to understand public concerns and
make better-informed national decisions regarding nuclear energy.
Targeted outreach initiatives may also improve the eﬀectiveness of
public communication about national policies, which is vital in en-
suring the success of its implementation.
Second, policymakers and communication practitioners can clarify
the misconceptions and reservations toward nuclear energy identiﬁed
in this study. For example, the participants mistakenly perceived that
the daily operation of nuclear power plants can emit radiation that
harms the environment and public health. The participants also mis-
apprehended that the technology utilized in nuclear power plants can
be weaponized. These misconceptions can be addressed by establishing
6 Since 1972, the agricultural and forest ﬁres caused by corporations and farmers in
Indonesia every year have resulted in a smoky haze which aﬀects the South East Asian
region for months, causing a signiﬁcant deterioration in air quality that can lead to severe
long-term health eﬀects (BBC News, 2015; Lee, 2015). Despite the Indonesia's struggles in
resolving this issue (BBC News), the authorities have criticized the neighboring countries
for complaining about the haze, straining the regional diplomatic ties (The Straits Times,
2015).
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
444
an oﬃcial nuclear institution in Singapore to take charge of nuclear-
related matters, release accurate information, and address popular
myths of nuclear energy. Similarly, scientiﬁc spokespersons (e.g., nu-
clear experts, oﬃcial spokespersons from government organizations)
can be leveraged on to convey factual information about nuclear en-
ergy, including its beneﬁts and risks, to the public.
Third, policymakers and communication practitioners can empha-
size the key beneﬁts of nuclear energy in public communication cam-
paigns to increase public exposure to the beneﬁts of nuclear energy. In
particular, message strategies can emphasize the reliability and eﬃ-
ciency of nuclear energy, its environmental and economic beneﬁts, and
its ability to help Singapore attain energy self-suﬃciency. With regard
to economic development, message strategies could highlight the pos-
sibility of exporting the surplus of energy to other countries and job
creation in nuclear-related industries. In terms of energy self-suﬃ-
ciency, policymakers and communication practitioners could allude to
Singapore's success in overcoming its water scarcity and achieving self-
suﬃciency through technological innovation of water management and
treatment. By drawing parallels between water and energy self-suﬃ-
ciency, the Singaporean public may be more accepting of nuclear en-
ergy if traditional energy resources were to run out. To alleviate the
public's fears, policymakers should also develop a clear and concrete
plan that addresses how Singapore would minimize the possibility of a
nuclear accident, terrorist threats and attacks, and how it would contain
radioactive waste. Such plans should also be accompanied with clear
messaging strategies that convey how these public concerns can be
handled by the relevant authorities.
Apart from these public education initiatives, policymakers can
consider incorporating nuclear-speciﬁc content in various phases of the
formal education curriculum. For instance, policymakers can consider
integrating basic nuclear knowledge into science education (e.g., sec-
ondary schools, junior colleges). Additionally, nuclear science and en-
gineering programs could be oﬀered in local tertiary education.
Considering the absence of nuclear power projects in Singapore, pol-
icymakers can also consider collaborating with research institutes in
countries with existing nuclear facilities to nurture local nuclear ex-
perts. These education initiatives can increase public nuclear knowl-
edge in Singapore and develop nuclear expertise to accurately assess the
risks that may arise from potential nuclear energy development in SEA
in the long-term.
5.2. Limitations and future research
Due to the exploratory nature of this study, data was collected from
39 respondents across 4 FGDs. As such, the ﬁndings in this study cannot
be generalized to the population of Singapore and to other SEA coun-
tries. Nonetheless, this limitation was mitigated by recruiting partici-
pants from a wide range of ages and utilizing a racial quota in each FGD
to reﬂect Singapore's ethnic composition. Instead of obtaining a large
sample of participants, qualitative researchers have also established the
importance of achieving a saturation of ideas in the FGDs (Mason,
2010; Morse, 2000). Based on the scope of the study, the quality of data
obtained, and the nature of the topic, a saturation of ideas was achieved
when similar ideas and themes were repeated by the participants during
the fourth FGD. That being said, future studies could collect nationally-
representative survey data from Singapore and other SEA countries for
regional comparison, especially since SEA countries have unique cul-
tural contexts and diﬀer in their technological and economic cap-
abilities, as well as their phase of nuclear energy development. Based on
the potential stakeholders identiﬁed by the FGD participants in this
study, future research can also consider acquiring and comparing per-
spectives from these potential stakeholders regarding nuclear energy.
6. Conclusions and policy implications
In conclusion, this study highlights the intergenerational diﬀerences
in Singaporeans’ credibility perceptions of nuclear-related information
sources, trust in potential stakeholders, and their attitudes toward nu-
clear energy. It also reveals policy recommendations for key commu-
nication strategies to raise Singaporeans’ awareness of the beneﬁts and
to dispel misconceptions related to nuclear energy. This will enable
them to make better-informed decision about a technology that has
been negatively portrayed by the mass media.
Acknowledgements
None.
Funding
This work was supported by the Singapore National Research
Foundation
under
the
Nuclear
Safety
Research
and
Education
Programme (NSREP) Award No. NRF2014NPR-NPRP001–004. Any
opinions, ﬁndings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in
this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reﬂect the
views of any third party.
Appendix A. — Focus group moderator's guide
A. Whenever you receive information related to nuclear energy, which
communication channels do you normally get it from?
B. What aspects of a communication channel makes you think it is
credible/not credible?
C. When it comes to managing nuclear power plants, who do you trust?
D. When it comes to handling a nuclear accident, who do you trust?
E. What potential beneﬁts do you think are associated with nuclear
energy? What potential beneﬁts do you think are associated with
nuclear energy in the context of Singapore?
F. What potential risks do you think are associated with nuclear en-
ergy? What potential risks do you think are associated with nuclear
energy in the context of Singapore?
G. On the whole, is there a higher level of beneﬁts, higher level of risks,
or are they equal/ around the same? [Note: The sequence of “higher
level of beneﬁts,” “higher level of risks,” and “equal/around the same” in
question G was randomized for each focus group.]
References
BBC News, 2015. What causes South East Asia’s haze? News website, BBC News, Asia.
〈http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34265922〉 (accessed 07 June 2017).
Beckwith, J.A., Hadlock, T., Suﬀron, H., 2003. Public perceptions of plant biotechno-
logy—a focus group study. N. Genet. Soc. 22 (2), 93–109. http://dx.doi.org/10.
1080/1463677032000102620.
Berdahl, L., Bourassa, M., Bell, S., Fried, J., 2016. Exploring perceptions of credible sci-
ence among policy stakeholder groups: results of focus group discussions about nu-
clear energy. Sci. Commun. 38 (3), 382–406. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/
1075547016647175.
Berlo, D.K., Lemert, J.B., Mertz, R.J., 1969. Dimensions for evaluating the acceptability of
message sources. Publ. Opin. Q. 33, 563–576. 〈http://www.jstor.org/stable/
2747566〉.
Berger, S., 2005. Singapore pushes through plan to open ﬁrst casinos. News website, The
Telegraph, Singapore. 〈http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/
singapore/1488196/Singapore-pushes-through-plan-to-open-ﬁrst-casinos.html〉 (ac-
cessed 07 June 2017).
Besley, J.C., McComas, K.A., 2015. Something old and something new: comparing views
about nanotechnology and nuclear energy. J. Risk Res. 18 (2), 215–231. http://dx.
doi.org/10.1080/13669877.2014.896397.
Bickerstaﬀ, K., Lorenzoni, I., Pidgeon, N.F., Poortinga, W., Simmons, P., 2008. Reframing
nuclear power in the UK energy debate: nuclear power, climate change mitigation
and radioactive waste. Publ. Underst. Sci. 17, 145–169. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/
0963662506066719.
Braun, V., Clarke, V., 2006. Using thematic analysis in psychology. Qual. Res. Psychol. 3,
77–101. http://dx.doi.org/10.1191/1478088706qp063oa.
Callaghan, K., Schnell, F., 2009. Who says what to whom: why messengers and citizen
beliefs matter in social policy framing. Soc. Sci. J. 46 (1), 12–28. http://dx.doi.org/
10.1016/j.soscij.2008.12.001.
Carey, M., Asbury, J., 2012. Focus Group Research. Left Coast Press, Walnut Creek.
Chaiken, S., 1980. Heuristic versus systematic information processing and the use of
source versus message cues in persuasion. J. Personal. Soc. Psychol. 39 (5), 752–766.
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
445
http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.39.5.752.
Chaiken, S., Eagly, A.H., 1989. Heuristic and systematic information processing within
and beyond the persuasion context. In: Uleman, J.S., Bargh, J.A. (Eds.), Unintended
Thought. The Guilford Press, New York, pp. 212–246.
Chen, S., Chaiken, S., 1999. The heuristic-systematic model in its broader context. In:
Chaiken, S., Trope, Y. (Eds.), Dual Process Theories in Social Psychology. The
Guilford Press, New York, pp. 73–96.
Chao, P., Wuhrer, G., Werani, T., 2005. Celebrity and foreign brand name as moderators
of country-of-origin eﬀects. Int. J. Advert. 24 (2), 173–192. http://dx.doi.org/10.
1080/02650487.2005.11072913.
CNN, 2017. US nuclear power plants fast facts. News website, CNN, USA. 〈https://
edition.cnn.com/2013/09/30/us/u-s-nuclear-power-plants/index.html〉 (accessed
17 April 2018).
Cohen, J., 1960. A coeﬃcient of agreement for nominal scales. Educ. Psychol. Meas. 20,
37–46. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/001316446002000104.
Cosseboom, L., 2015. 9 ways millennials are driving Southeast Asia’s tech boom. News
website, Tech in Asia. < 〈https://www.techinasia.com/southeast-asia-millennials-
technology-adoption〉 > (accessed 07 June 2017).
Singapore Department of Statistics, 2016. Population Trends, 2016. < http://www.
singstat.gov.sg/docs/default-source/default-document-library/publications/publica-
tions_and_papers/population_and_population_structure/population2016. pdf > (
accessed 27 November 2017).
Driscoll, S., 2016. Singapore improves its score in Transparency International’s corruption
index. News website, The Straits Times, Singapore. < 〈http://www.straitstimes.
com/singapore/singapore-improves-its-score-in-transparency-internationals-
corruption-index〉 > (accessed 7 June 2017).
Druckman, J.N., 2001. The implications of framing eﬀects for citizen competence.
Political Behav. 23 (3), 225–256. http://dx.doi.org/10.1023/A:1015006907312.
Economic Development Board Singapore, 2017. Environment and water. < 〈https://
www.edb.gov.sg/content/edb/en/industries/industries/environment-and-water.
html〉 > (accessed 07 June 2017).
Energy Market Authority, 2016. Singapore Energy Statistics. < 〈https://www.ema.gov.
sg/cmsmedia/Publications_and_Statistics/Publications/SES%202016/SES
%202016%20Book_Optimized.pdf〉 > (accessed 07 June 2017).
Ertör-Akyazı, P., Adaman, F., Özkaynak, B., Zenginobuz, Ü., 2012. Citizens' preferences
on nuclear and renewable energy sources: evidence from Turkey. Energy Policy 47,
309–320. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.enpol.2012.04.072.
Fischhoﬀ, B., Slovic, P., Lichtenstein, S., Read, S., Combs, B., 1978. How safe is safe
enough? A Psychometric study of attitudes towards technological risks and beneﬁts.
Policy Sci. 9, 127–152. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/BF00143739.
Fiske, S.T., Dupree, C., 2014. Gaining trust as well as respect in communicating to mo-
tivated audiences about science topics. PNAS: Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 111 (Suppl.
4), 13593–13597.
Goren, P., Federico, C.M., Kittilson, M.C., 2009. Source cues, partisan identities, and
political value expression. Am. J. Political Sci. 53 (4), 805–820. http://dx.doi.org/10.
1111/j.1540-5907.2009.00402.x.
Harber, J.G., 2011. Generations in the workplace: Similarities and diﬀerences. Electronic
Thesis and Dissertations. Paper 1255. 〈http://dc.etsu.edu/etd/1255〉 (accessed 07
June 2017).
Ho, S.S., 2016. Communicating about nuclear energy and climate change. In: Nisbet, M.
(Ed.), The Oxford Encyclopedia of Climate Change Communication. Sage Publication.
http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/acrefore/9780190228620.013.440.
Ho, S.S., Leong, A.D., Looi, J., Chen, L., Pang, N., Tandoc Jr., E., 2018. Science literacy or
value predisposition? A meta-analysis of factors predicting public perceptions of
beneﬁts, risks, and acceptance of nuclear energy. Environ. Commun. http://dx.doi.
org/10.1080/17524032.2017.1394891.
Hovland, C.I., Janis, I.L., Kelley, H.H., 1953. Communication and Persuasion:
Psychological Studies of Opinion Change. Yale University Press, New Haven.
Vinayak, H.V., Thompson, F., Tonby, O., 2014. Understanding ASEAN: Seven things you
need to know. 〈http://www.mckinsey.com/industries/public-sector/our-insights/
understanding-asean-seven-things-you-need-to-know〉 (accessed 7 June 2017).
International Atomic Energy Agency, 2014. Climate change and nuclear power 2014.
Vienna, Austria. 〈https://www.iaea.org/publications/reports〉 (accessed 7 June
2017).
Jamal, N., 2015. Nuclear Energy in Malaysia: Towards Sustainable Nuclear Energy
Systems. 〈https://www.iaea.org/INPRO/11th_Dialogue_Forum/DAY2/Session4/
INPRO_Presentation-Malaysia.pdf〉 (accessed 07 June 2017).
Joslin, C., 2017. Introducing Fortune’s 2017 World’s Greatest Leaders list. Fortune.
〈http://fortune.com/video/2017/03/23/worlds-greatest-leaders-2017/〉 (accessed
20 November 2017).
Keller, C., Visschers, V., Siegrist, M., 2012. Aﬀective imagery and acceptance of replacing
nuclear power plants. Risk Anal. 32 (3), 464–477. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1539-
6924.2011.01691.x.
Kelman, H.C., 1961. Processes of opinion change. Publ. Opin. Q. 25, 57–78. 〈http://www.
jstor.org/stable/2746461〉.
Kotwani, M., 2015. Singapore must be prepared to handle nuclear developments: Experts.
News website, Channel NewsAsia, Singapore. 〈http://www.channelnewsasia.com/
news/singapore/singapore-must-be/2154300.html〉 (accessed 07 June 2017).
Lachapelle, E., Montpetit, E., Gauvin, J., 2014. Public perceptions of expert credibility on
policy issues: the role of expert framing and political worldviews. Policy Stud. J. 42
(4), 674–697. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/psj.12073.
Lee M.K., 2015. Haze in Singapore: A problem dating back 40 years. News website, The
Straits Times, Singapore. 〈http://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/environment/
haze-in-singapore-a-problem-dating-back-40-years〉 (accessed 07 June 2017).
Leong, W.K., 2016. Singapore plans to develop local pool of nuclear experts: National
Research Foundation. News website, Channel NewsAsia, Singapore. 〈http://www.
channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/singapore-plans-to/2636864.html〉 (accessed
07 June 2017).
Liu, H., Priest, S., 2009. Understanding public support for stem cell research: media
communication, interpersonal communication, and trust in key actors. Publ. Underst.
Sci. 18, 704–718. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0963662508097625.
Lock, S.J., Smallman, M., Lee, M., Rydin, Y., 2014. “Nuclear energy sounded wonderful
40 years ago”: UK citizen views on CCS. Energy Policy 66, 428–435. http://dx.doi.
org/10.1016/j.enpol.2013.11.024.
Lombardi, D., Seyranian, V., Sinatra, G.M., 2014. Source eﬀects and plausibility judg-
ments when reading about climate change. Discourse Process. 51, 75–92. http://dx.
doi.org/10.1080/0163853X.2013.855049.
Mah, D.N., Hills, P., Tao, J., 2014. Risk perception, trust and public engagement in nu-
clear decision-making in Hong Kong. Energy Policy 73, 368–390. http://dx.doi.org/
10.1016/j.enpol.2014.05.019.
Marris, C., Langford, I., Saunderson, T., O’Riodan, T., 1997. Exploring the “Psychometric
Paradigm: ” Comparisons Between Aggregate and Individual Analyses. Risk Anal. 17
(3), 303–312. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1539-6924.1997.tb00868.x.
Mason, M., 2010. Sample size and saturation in PhD studies using qualitative interviews.
Forum: Qualitative. Soc. Res. 11 (3). http://dx.doi.org/10.17169/fqs-11.3.1428.
McCroskey, J.C., 1966. Scales for the measurement of ethos. Speech Monogr. 33, 65–72.
http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/03637756609375482.
Miller, N., Maruyama, G., Beaber, R.J., Valone, K., 1976. Speed of speech and persuasion.
J. Personal. Soc. Psychol. 34, 615–624. http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.34.4.
615.
Ministry of Trade and Industry, 2012. Factsheet: Nuclear energy pre-feasibility study.
Singapore.
Morse, J.M., 2000. Determining sample size. Qual. Health Res. 10 (1), 3–5. http://dx.doi.
org/10.1177/104973200129118183.
National Climate Change Secretariat, 2016. Singapore’s Approach to Alternative Energy.
〈https://www.nccs.gov.sg/climate-change-and-singapore/national-circumstances/
singapores-approach-alternative-energy〉 (accessed 07 June 2017).
Ng, E., 2011. Nuclear energy will always be too dangerous for Singapore. < 〈http://
www.sgpolitics.net/?P=6291〉 > (accessed 07 June 2017).
Ohanian, R., 1991. The impact of celebrity spokespersons' perceived image on consumres'
intention to purchase. J. Advert. Res. 31 (1), 46–54.
Onwuegbuzie, A.J., Dickinson, W.B., Leech, N.L., Zoran, A.G., 2009. A qualitative fra-
mework for collecting and analyzing data in focus group research. Int. J. Qual.
Methods 8 (3), 1–21. http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/160940690900800301.
Park, E., Ohm, J.Y., 2014. Factors inﬂuencing the public intention to use renewable en-
ergy technologies in South Korea: eﬀects of the Fukushima nuclear accident. Energy
Policy 65, 198–211. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.enpol.2013.10.037.
Pattaya Mail, 2011. Special report: Thai public opinion on nuclear power plant. News
website, Pattaya Mail, Bangkok, Thailand. 〈http://www.pattayamail.com/
thailandnews/special-report-thai-public-opinion-on-nuclear-power-plant-2362〉 (ac-
cessed 07 June 2017).
Patton, M.Q., 2002. Qualitative Research & Evaluation Methods. Sage, Thousand
Oaks, CA.
Pew Research Centre, 2015. Generations Deﬁned. 〈http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-
tank/2015/05/11/millennials-surpass-gen-xers-as-the-largest-generation-in-u-s-
labor-force/ft_15-05-11_millennialsdeﬁned/〉 (accessed 7 June 2017).
Pfeﬀer, N., 2008. What British women say matters to them about donating an aborted
fetus to stem cell research: a focus group study. Soc. Sci. Med. 66, 2544–2554. http://
dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.socscimed.2008.01.050.
Phua, D., 2015. Reconsidering nuclear energy for Singapore. IPS Commons. 〈http://
www.ipscommons.sg/reconsidering-nuclear-energy-for-singapore/〉 (accessed 07
June 2017).
Public Utilities Board Singapore, n. d. Four National Taps. 〈https://www.pub.gov.sg/
watersupply/fournationaltaps〉 (accessed 07. June 2017).
Nguyen, M., Ho, B.M., 2016. Vietnam abandons plan for ﬁrst nuclear power plants. News
website, Reuters. Hanoi, Vietnam. 〈https://www.reuters.com/article/us-vietnam-
politics-nuclearpower/vietnam-abandons-plan-for-ﬁrst-nuclear-power-plants-
idUSKBN13H0VO〉 (accessed 17 April 2018).
Reuters, 2017. France to decide by end2018 how many nuclear plants to shut: minister.
News website, Reuters. Paris, France. 〈https://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-
nuclearpower/france-to-decide-by-end-2018-how-many-nuclear-plants-to-shut-
minister-idUSKBN1CX0KP〉 (accessed 17 April 2018).
Reuters, 2018. France rules out increasing CO2 as it closes nuclear reactors. News web-
site, Reuters. Paris, France. 〈https://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-
nuclearpower/france-rules-out-increasing-co2-as-it-closes-nuclear-reactors-
idUSKBN1FF28A〉 (accessed 17 April 2018).
Sertoglu, A.E., 2014. Examining the eﬀect of endorser credibility on the consumers’
buying intentions: an empirical study in Turkey. Int. Rev. Manag. Mark. 4 (1), 66–77.
Siegrist, M., 2010. Encyclopedia of Science and Technology Communication. SAGE
Publications, Thousand Oaks.
Siegrist, M., Cvetkovich, G., 2000. Perception of hazards: the role of social trust and
knowledge. Risk Anal. 20, 713–720. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/0272-4332.205064.
Siegrist, M., Earle, T.C., Gutscher, H., 2005a. Perception of risk: the inﬂuence of general
trust, and general conﬁdence. J. Risk Res. 8, 1145–1156. http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/
1366987032000105315.
Siegrist, M., Keller, C., Kiers, H.A.L., 2005b. A new look at the psychometric paradigm of
perception of hazards. Risk Anal. 25 (1), 211–222. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.
0272-4332.2005.00580.x.
Siong, G., 2014. Singapore starts nuclear safety and science research programme. News
website, Channel NewsAsia, Singapore. 〈http://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/
singapore-starts-nuclear-safety-and-science-research-programme〉 (accessed 07 June
2017).
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
446
Singapore Land Authority, 2016. Total Land Area of Singapore. 〈https://data.gov.sg/
dataset/total-land-area-of-singapore〉 (accessed 07 June 2017).
Smithson, J., 2000. Using and analyzing focus groups: limitations and possibilities
(https://doi.org/). Int. J. Soc. Sci. Res. Methodol. 3, 103–119. http://dx.doi.org/10.
1080/136455700405172.
Stewart, D.W., Shamdasani, P.N., Rook, D.W., 2007. Group depth interviews: focus group
research. In: Bickman, L., Rog, D.J. (Eds.), Applied Social Research Methods, 2nd ed.
Sage Publications, Thousand Oaks, pp. 589–616.
Stoutenborough, J., Sturgess, S., Vedlitz, A., 2013. Knowledge, risk, and policy support:
public perceptions of nuclear power. Energy Policy 62, 176–184. http://dx.doi.org/
10.1016/j.enpol.2013.06.098.
Tan, A., 2015. Natural gas now makes up 95.5% of fuel mix; renewable energy on the rise.
News website, The Straits Times, Singapore. 〈http://www.straitstimes.com/
singapore/from-the-straits-times-archives-singapore-opts-for-cleaner-energy-
sources〉 (accessed 7 June 2017).
TED, 2017. Our organization. 〈https://www.ted.com/about/our-
organization〉 > (accessed 20 November 2017).
Teng, A., 2016. Singapore ﬁrms make waves worldwide in water treatment. News web-
site, Channel NewsAsia, Singapore. 〈http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/
business/singapore/singapore-ﬁrms-make/2515802.html〉 (accessed 7 June 2017).
Thai Visa News, 2015. Public acceptance in nuclear power is key to building such plants
in Thailand. News website, Thai Visa News, Bangkok, Thailand. 〈http://news.
thaivisa.com/thailand/public-acceptance-in-nuclear-power-is-key-to-building-such-
plants-in-thailand/109840/〉 (accessed 7 June 2017).
The Straits Times, 2015. Indonesia’s Vice-President Jusuf Kalla criticizes neighbors for
grumbling about haze. News website, The Straits Times, Jakarta, Indonesia. 〈http://
www.straitstimes.com/asia/se-asia/indonesias-vice-president-jusuf-kalla-criticises-
neighbours-for-grumbling-about-haze〉 (accessed 07 June 2017).
Thomas, S., 2010. Singapore may get nuclear power plant. News website, AsiaOne,
Singapore. 〈http://www.asiaone.com/News/AsiaOne+News/Singapore/Story/
A1Story20101102-245235.html〉 (accessed 17 April 2018).
Todorov, A., Chaiken, S., Henderson, M.D., 2002. The heuristic-systematic model of in-
formation processing. In: Dillard, J.D., Pfau, M. (Eds.), The Persuasion Handbook:
Developments in Theory and Practice. SAGE Publications, Thousand Oaks, pp.
195–212.
van der Waldt, D., Van Loggerenberg, M., Wehmeyer, L., 2009. Celebrity endorsements
versus created spokespersons in advertising: a survey among students. SAJEMS 12
(1), 110–114. http://dx.doi.org/10.4102/sajems.v12i1.263.
Venables, D., Pidgeon, N.F., Parkhill, K.A., Henwood, K.L., Simmons, P., 2012. Living
with nuclear power: sense of place, proximity, and risk perceptions in local host
communities. J. Environ. Psychol. 32 (4), 371–383. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.
jenvp.2012.06.003.
Viklund, M.J., 2003. Trust and risk perception in western Europe: a cross-national study.
Risk Anal. 23 (4), 727–738. http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/1539-6924.00351.
Visschers, V.H., Siegrist, M., 2012. Fair play in energy policy decisions: procedural fair-
ness, outcome fairness and acceptance of the decision to rebuild nuclear power
plants. Energy Policy 46, 292–300. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.enpol.2012.03.062.
Whitehead, J.L., 1968. Factors of source credibility. Q. J. Speech 54, 59–63.
World Nuclear Association, 2016. Asia’s Nuclear Energy Growth. World Nuclear
Association. 〈http://www.world-nuclear.org/information-library/country-proﬁles/
others/asias-nuclear-energy-growth.aspx〉 (accessed 7 June 2017).
World Nuclear Association, 2018. Emerging nuclear energy countries. 〈http://www.
world-nuclear.org/information-library/country-proﬁles/others/emerging-nuclear-
energy-countries.aspx〉 (accessed 17 April 2018).
Yeo, T.M., 2015. Laws of Singapore: Commercial Law. Singapore Academy of Law.
〈http://www.singaporelaw.sg/sglaw/laws-of-singapore/commercial-law/chapter-
19〉 (accessed 7 June 2017).
S.S. Ho et al.
Energy Policy 120 (2018) 436–447
447
